Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
When Allah created the heavens and the earth,
he created Humans from clay and Angels from light
But he created another being from fire. Djinn
Allah has seperated Man from Djinn
But sometimes, their worlds come together,
and this always causes great suffering
Khalid needs to be close to his family.
He knows how this will make you stronger.
It's time. Listen to him.
You must return.
You can't deny the past.
It's what makes us who we are.
If you won't accept it..
..how will we have a future?
You must go back. It's time.
You're not thinking clearly. It is time.
Khalid must return.
You will not stand in my way.
How can you reject a request
from the man you love?
We won!
Tell your American friend
not to make fun of this matter.
I only came here for you.
If this continues, I swear I'm leaving.
Or more likely to change his diaper.
We thought you'd never get here.
Welcome home Khalid.
Thank you, sir.
It was a long flight.
Well, you're back in civilization now.
Welcome home sweetie.
Come. the car is right outside.
So did you hear? Yasmin had a baby?
No.
So did Afra.
And Maitha.
All your old friends.
What?
I just want to be a grandmother.
Well...
Now that you're back...
it wouldn't hurt to go for an Umrah...
so God will bless your new life here.
God willing.
Nasser, don't drive so fast.
I'm going five miles an hour.
Any slower and we'll stop.
So how did you find the place?
My company found it.
They got it all set up.
But why Al Hamra?
They just tore down the old village.
How fast were they able
to build a new tower here?
Yes, can you believe it?
They built it
right on the djinn village.
They have no respect.
Whatever.
It's a new building... on the beach.
A great place for a vacation.
Khalid
Are you going to make that long drive everyday?
I don't get it.
Why didn't they put you in the city?
They said it's nice.
The Palm is nice.
Abu Dhabi is nice.
But this?
Daddy! What are you doing?
Someone was standing in the middle of the road!
I could have killed him.
He looked...
Don't get out!
He might be hurt.
Stay here, sir. I'll look.
How is anyone supposed
to find this place, Khalid?
Does anyone else live here
It's new.
It's probably like every other project built
out here, all bought up by the Gulf Arabs.
And they're not here but in winter.
Then you'll wish if it was deserted.
I don't trust that Sammy guy.
Why not?
He's too friendly. He wants something.
You watch out, Salama.
Nice!
They've put a lot of effort into this place.
Come.
Welcome.
Oh my...
What a beautiful place.
You'll have a nice view of the sea...
...if the fog ever clears.
You know I'm afraid of heights.
You know what this place need?
It needs this.
You never know who might visit.
What?
It wards off envy.
It can't hurt, right?
Thank you. Mamma.
It's... very nice of you.
And this...
..will help ward off evil.
Hang it over the entrance.
Yes, Momma.
Come on...
...let's see the rest.
They sure pulled out all the stops.
Looks like a lot of effort.
They did a nice job.
There's more down here!
For my grandchildren.
What happened?
There was a bird.
But I thought it was something else.
Someone.
On the sixth floor?
Probably one of those window washers.
I know their kind...
They're perverts.
Peeking in when I take a bath.
Don't you wish.
Come on. It's time to go.
Why don't you stay a little longer?
At least until the fog clears.
We have to go.
You two must rest.
I have some work at the office.
We'll be back tomorrow.
Enjoy your new home.
Welcome back, Khalid.
I don't know how you convinced
her to return. Thank you so much.
It wasn't easy sir.
That flight is brutal.
Now what? What is wrong with you?
We're going to die!
Great...
That's the spirit.
Always optimistic.
Come on! Start, you piece of...
Daddy, I'm calling Salama and Khalid.
Okay. Call them.
That's weird.
I'll call a tow truck.
We're in the middle of the desert!
The phones won't work!
Of course they'll work.
We just left the building.
And anyway, this is satellite...
What? What? What is it
Well? What's the problem?
What is wrong with you?
There' someone out there.
There is no one outside.
Don't be like your sister.
Nasser.
Daddy! Please don't!
What? What's the problem?
Don't go out there.
We are in the middle of the dessert.
What could possibly be there?
No!
I will not have my family treated like this!
Daddy! Don't!
Let me go!
Where are you?
Where are you, you cowards?
You want Nasser?
Come get me!
Come on!
You got Nasser to deal with now!
Where are you, you cowards?
Where are you?
This is bullshit!
Bullshit.
Not America.
At least, try.
Khalid, I'm going crazy.
I can't believe I'm saying this, but..
I'm beginning to believe the stories.
In the name of God,
the most gracious,
the merciful...
Praise be to God...
...the Cherisher ...and...and...
I ask for God's forgiveness.
In the name of God, the most gracious,
the merciful,
I seek refuge in the Lord of...
I seek refuge in the Lord of Mankind...
...the King of mankind,
the true God of mankind,
from the evil of the sneaking whisperer,
who whispereth in the hearts of mankind,
of the djinn and mankind.
God is the greatest.
Glorified is my lord, the almighty
God listens to those who are grateful.
God is the greatest.
Glory be to God exalted.
How did you get in here?
Your door was open.
It has been a long time since I've
seen you pray Salama.
Where's Daddy?
Outside.
There is something important I
needed to tell you. I couldn't wait.
It's about the child.
Many couples have suffered the loss
of an infant child, Salama.
I know.
And of course you want kids.
Why haven't you tried again?
I'm just not ready.
Not ready...
..to see another child that looks
like your previous baby?
Murder is a sin, Salama.
How did you know?
I didn't mean to hurt him.
Then what did you mean?
Go clean yourself.
Hello?
Hello. I need to speak to Salama Zakaria
Salama speaking...
This is the police. I am sorry to report
...there has been a terrible accident.
I can't talk about it now.
I need to be alone.
Then walk me to the car.
And come say bye to your family.
I love you.
Murder is a sin.
I didn't say anything.
You just moved in here today, didn't you?
Yes.
How did you know?
There aren't many people
living in this building.
I've never met you before.
Are you from Ras Al Khaima?
Yes, I am.
How did you know?
We used to live here.
But my parents moved when the
village was torn down.
But...
...they couldn't get rid of me.
Well, I'm glad.
I must have forgotten to press my floor...
More time to chat.
What a coincidence.
I'm on the sixth floor too.
I met your wife today.
She told me about you.
There's not much to tell.
Oh come on...
I'll have to find out some other way.
You do that...
If you have to.
I'll help you.
And why not?
Hi again!
Hello.
What a pleasant surprise.
Who's there?
Who are you?
Well..
Did you forget me, Khalid?
Police. How can we help you?
Look, I know this sounds crazy but...
I can't find my wife.
I think something bad has happened.
Where are you calling from, sir?
The Al Hamra.
We just moved into the new building.
I am here.
I told you that call was nothing.
This place won't be open for months.
Can't you hear me?
I am here.
Well, we had to check it. You heard
the screams from the call.
And now that we checked it,
can we please go?
This place gives me the creeps.
I'm here right in front of you!
Come back!
What's your problem?
Don't tell me you never heard any
stories about Al Hamra...
Help me! Help me please!
It's time.
She's inside me, Khalid.
Who?
Who is she?
She's making me do this.
She's coming.
Khalid, help me!
You were taken away from me once.
But I never gave up on you.
I kept looking for you.
Come back to me.
Didn't she kill your son?
She deserves to die.
True.
You know what to do.
You killed my son!
You are one of them.
Please God, save me.
Don't say god's name.
He was our son!
And you killed him!
Feed your anger.
Feed on your hatred.
Embrace your true nature.
You took him away from me.
As I was taken away from my mother.
But she kept looking for me.
Unlike you..
A mother sacrifices for her child.
You're not a mother!
You're a monster.
Blood for blood.
A life for a life.
This is my home, I'm back.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org